hi guys it's an enum Cavour here with
the Samsung Galaxy s3 smartphone now
we're going to be taking a quick look at
some of the standard default
notification tones that come on the
galaxy s3 after the box now these are
the times when if you get an email where
you can get a text message of stuff like
that any notification that comes down on
the notification bar that's what they're
for
so if we go into settings and then sound
and then there's a section for ringtone
and notifications if you go to default
notifications then we've got a host of
these obviously silence exactly that
nothing happens
bubbles pull up something dropping
Changa clicking chiming well that was
chirps dewdrops Facebook pop there you
go flowers good news Harmonix I don't
know whether why this to of join hangout
is the same thing I've done all this to
those knock on time opener bottle opener
obviously post me bike bell pure Bell
temple Bell next one tickity-tock and
this is the one that set as standard for
all the times when you get the phone so
you have to change yourself and whistle
and that's a look at their standard
default notifications on the Samsung
Galaxy s3 smartphone now there will be
another video I'm showing you how you
can set an mp3 tone as a notification
tone and add it into this section here
but that's for a forthcoming video any
questions or comments about the default
notifications in this video hit them up
in the comment section below go hit
subscribe from the button up top there
it doesn't cost you anything and it's
free and you can check out one of my
doing in the future thanks for watching
have a good day and see you next time